PASSWD 1.1
   Now only allows administrators to change another user's password
   Non-administrator users can still change their own passwords

SPKG 1.1
   Now only allows administrators to install executables

USERADD 1.2
   Now only allows administrators to add users

1.7
   Now actively checks for new users, so you won't have to restart after adding a new user
   Now only directories count as a user
   Now has groups:
      Groups are lists of users. They can be used to add or remove a user's privileges.
      Edit them in Home/groups.py

1.6.1
   Now scans for new executables before every command, so you won't have to restart when you install an executable

ARGSTEMPLATE 1.0.1
   Now reads info.txt

1.6
   Now writes the currently used account, working directory and displayed directory to exec/info.txt
   Added executable "pip.py"
      Allows you to use pip from SnakeOS, useful for apps that need dependencies
   Added executable "spkg.py"
      The SnakeOS package manager
      Install with "spkg install <package>"
      Uninstall with "spkg uninstall <package>"
      Uses repo at https://github.com/SpaceChuck/spkg-repo

HELP 1.0.1
   Now lists "edit"

USERADD 1.0.1
   No longer allows you to create an account named "list" or "quit"

1.5
  Added comments to the source code
  The setup assistant no longer allows you to create an account named "list" or "quit".
  Now exit logs off instead of shutting down. You can type quit on the login screen to shutdown.
  New types of plugins:
   Login:
      Runs at login
       Use "# snakeos_runat 3
   Logoff:
      Runs at logoff
      Use "# snakeos_runat 4"

1.4
  Added users
    You can create one using the setup assistant or with useradd.
    You can change someone's password using passwd.

1.3
  Changed cd:
    Now you can use "*" to go to root
    Now you can use "-" to go to Home
    Now you can type the name of a folder and SnakeOS will go to that folder if it exists in your working directory

1.2
  Added plugins:
    Plugins are executables that run at startup, on command or at shutdown. They are in the plugins folder. See plugin_template.py for more info.

CALC 1.0.1
  Now raises a KeyboardInterrupt to exit

1.1.1
  Now catches KeyboardInterrupt while running executables. You can use "raise KeyboardInterrupt" to exit out of the program but not SnakeOS.

1.1:
  Added arguments for executables
  Executables are now run in a try loop. Because of that a bad executable will not crash SnakeOS anymore.
  Added executable "examples.py":
    SnakeOS examples.
  Added new executable "argstemplate.py":
    A template for executables using arguments.
  Added new file "exec/args.txt":
     Arguments are stored here.

1.0:
  First version of SnakeOS
